Goals in Dauntless
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Captain:
	Ensure the maiden voyage of the Dauntless is a peaceful, safe success
	Preside over the Dedication and make sure those who are a part of it are ready
	Compose a speech for the Dedication
Cid:
	Keep your cover intact (hid that you are a girl). Although it's second nature to you, one slip could destroy your life
	Keep the ship flying
	William has a good head for machines - do your best to turn that spark into a fire and make him a great mechanic
	As much as you hate to admit it: Seeing your parents has made you realize how much you miss them. Well. How much you miss your father, at least. Maybe you could just talk with him discreetly?
Cowboy:
	Fix your rusted body
	Secure the contract for the South African diamond company for America. You've got some contacts who'd be mighty interested in that.
	Find evidence that Bryce is a criminal, and then neutralize him
Curie:
	Reunite with your unjustly-taken daughter
	find William
	Humiliate your ex-husband, and England, by sabotaging the ship 
	Make sure Lizzie's suitors are upstanding young men.
	Show the world what a woman can do!
Dealer:
	Make sure the opium shipment gets to Paris safely, by meeting with Blackwell
	Try to win Thief's hand and her father, the captain's, approval
	Secure the deal for the diamond mining operation in South African
Jack:
	Serve God in any way you can.
	Save the world from sin.
	Destroy any whores you find.
	Keep all around you from coming under the influence of whores.
	Prevent men from consorting with whores.
	Maintain the fiction that you and your husband have a happy marriage.
	Wear the Neptune's Tear at the in-flight ceremony
	Enforce strict standards of behavior in all those around you.
Noble:
	Deliver the money to Cornelius and his opium supplier
	Find those Cayman Island charters
	Get your ring back before your wife notices
	Make sure your wife displays the Neptune's Tear at the Dedication
Robot (William):
	Be nice.
	Help Cid keep the ship running
	Read the book and become a well-mannered young gentleman.
Saboteur:
	Sabotage the ship and escape before it crashes.
	Retrieve the shares of the De Beers Company from Blackwell.
	Assassinate the leaders of the Conservative and Labour Parties, as a last resort.
Thief:
	Train up for your singing performance at the Commemoration
	Steal the Neptune's Tear!
Vicar:
	Return Cowboy to the true path
	Tend to the religious wellbeing of the passengers of the Dauntless as needed
	Keep ahold of yourself...
	Encourage William to explore his faith
	Help your friend Jack through her difficult times
Whore:
	Catch Jack the Ripper
	Stop any attempts to sabotage the Dauntless
	Stop Blackwell's opium deal, and bring him to justice
	
Candyland
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Academic
	Find out what happened to the children and what crimes they might have witnessed, while interfering as little as possible in the dream world
	Determine while real world people the characters in this world represent in order to finish your theory of the subconscious mind.
	Find the drug inside the children's minds and use it to cover up evidence of death on the Dreamscape project by administering it to the rest of your team
Breath
	Help put Bubblegum on the throne
	Advance the interests of Chocolateland
	Make sure Taffy stays loyal to Chocolateland
	Help Mr. Mint re-form his Whistle Agency
	Don't be discovered as an agent of Chocolateland
Bubblegum
	Be crowned ruler of Candyland
	Seduce Harris
	Perform the ritual and get inside Gretchen's head
	Help Harris find out why Candyland is dying
Caffeine
	Claim Viceland for yourself!
	Become monarch of Candyland
	Make as many people as possible directly dependent upon you, especially the person that will be the next ruler of Candyland
	Drive Harris to succeed under your direction
	Try to avoid being bored
	Make caffeinated cigarettes
Captain
	Lead the team, or, alternately, be a zombie
Cinnaman
	Be connected to the new ruler of Candyland, either by being married to them, courting them, or impregnating them.
	Convince others to stop looking for the King
	Help Frostine find her origins
	Support Licorice's agenda in the debates
Detective
	Discover what happened in the real world
	Raise your husband from the dead
	Avenge Supervisor's death
Frostine
	Put your daughter, Lolly, on the throne, but teach her a lesson about life first.
	Create a love potion to use on Cinnaman and find the Fountain of Youth
	Find out the truth about your past
	Oversee Candyland until there is a new ruler
Gloppy
	Make Jolly pay for what he has done to you
	Find Taffy, and get her to forgive and kiss you
	Find out why Frostine gave you that letter
	If you ever return to your true form, rule Candyland until a new leader is chosen
Grandma
	Teach Nathan to hear the peanuts
	Protect the Candy Kids from nightmare visions and the gingerbread men
	Help the Candy Kids to stay in Candyland forever
	Learn the gingerbread men's strange powers
	Expose the gingerbread men as outsiders and have them banished
	The Peanut Plains are sacred. Maintain your ancestral home.
Granola
	Destroy Candyland by having your Plant grow to enormous size
	Make sure the most sugary, unhealthy people in Candyland are eliminated
	Hide your nutrition label
	Stay pure
	Seduce Nathan Nut
	Cleanse Candyland of vice
Gretchen
	Make sure Lolly gets placed on the throne as she deserves
	Find King Kandy
	Don't be pregnant anymore
	Help Menthol Man stay in Candyland - don't let the Candy Man keep him down
	Make your bad dreams go away for good 
Harris 
	Figure out why you are in Candyland
	With Bubblegum, gind out why Candyland is dying
	Reform the Candyland religion so that everyon eis equal and included
	Protect Gretchen
	Confront Lord Licorice and his evil
Henry
	Feed! But don't hose our game.
Jolly
	Get Lolly crowned the new monarch, or see that the monarch is someone you can control
	Make sure no one ever finds out what really happened with Taffy 
	Make sure Kandy stays hidden and find a way to destroy Gloppy
	Stop fools like Plumpy and Licorice who would threaten your right to rule Candyland as you please
Licorice
	Put somebody sympathetic to your cause on the throne
	Terminate thoes pesky gingerbread men in particular, and all animate candy in general
	Turn Nathan Nut into a worthy sidekick
	Further the agenda of the Order
Liqueur
	Claim Viceland for yourself!
	Suck the essence out of other Candy
	Construct a candy friend
	Try to find a cure for yourself
	Fulfill your duties as Master Alchemist, but make sure people won't be using your alchemical creations for evil
Lolly
	Become the queen of Candyland!
	Get Mint to turn away from his awful vice and be a nice mannered
	Seduce and destroy Plumpy for Jolly 
Menthol
	Claim Viceland for yourself!
	Get as many people as possible addicted to cigarettes
	Create a candy cigarette and secure a place in Candyland (commented out)
	Gain permanent control of Mr. Mint's body 
Mr Mint
	Expose Jolly as the evil man you know he is
	Keep Cinnaman from corrupting Lolly and other young girls
	Eliminate the cigarette trade in Candyland
	Get the residents of Candyland off of cigarettes
	Get permission to re-form the Peppermint Whistles outside of Church control 
	Find the King 
	Tell Breath how you truly feel
Nathan
	Learn to 'hear the peanuts' to make Grandma happy and convince other people to incorporate peanuts into their candies
	Show Licorice how capable and useful you are
	Get the luscious ladies of Candyland to see how awesome you are 
Pixie
	Claim Viceland for yourself!
	Control others through corporate sponsorship 
	Run the Order's propaganda postering campaign
	Learn the True Name of every candy you meet, for maximum marketing potential
	Spread your vice
Plumpy 
	Spread the world of truth, through your words and through sharing the gingerprunes
	Fight the artificial, arrogant and cruel Jolly and Licorice
	Help the gingerbread men and the Candy Kids learn the Truth without letting that you know about the real world.
	Bomb the throne to prevent the succession of another monarch
Profiler
	Find out what happened to the children and what crimes they may have witnessed
	Construct a profile of who might have drugged those children
	Determine which real world people the characters in this world represent 
Taffy
	Get your daughter on the throne of Candyland
	Expose Jolly for the evil monster that he is
	Get your revenge on that evil molasses thing that raped you all those years ago
	Advance the Chocolateland agenda
	Make sure Chocolateland is included on the new Candyland map
	Advocate for the rights of animate candy
	Resolve your difficulties with Frostine. Find out why she betrayed you and whether she has any feelings for you.
	Free your ancestral homeland from the monster
Worker
	Investigate the dream world 
	Make sure the children are safe and come to terms with whatever they need to in this world before they return to their own.
	
Playground
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accident
	Get at least three treats for Leila's birthday party. Leila's favorite treat is cupcakes.
	Get a nice present for Leila. She wants a doll most of all.
	Make at least 2 friends.
	Build a fort in the forest.
	Get a best friend. 
	Learn and play 2 games (1 must have a 2-player version).
	Join a secret club
	Make sure no one learns about your personal difficulties
Bossy
	Look after woobie and liar and teach them to be more mature
	Find more kindergarteners to gake under your wing
	Show everyon ehow to act like big kids. Reward good kids with gold stars.
	Encourage kids to eat healthy food and not junk food
	Help teacher one by making sure kids follow the rules and do waht she says, so she can get other teacher things done. But make sure she knows if something really bad is happening.
	Teach kids to play simon says and get four kids to play a round of it with you.
	Make a friend and get invited to their house after school
	Make a best friend (someone who gives you their best friend token)
	Compile a list of where everyone stands on the issue of santa being real
Bully
	Get a total of 6 stars (you have one)
	Try to learn to read
	Get a flunky to help you get stars (maybe accident)
	Try to become a first grader's best friend so you can fit in with the first graders. If you have no other options, then being best friends with a kindergartener could at least give you someone to talk to
	Try to win the prank war with calvin but don't get a call home 
Calvin
	Forge a first grade name tag so you can get away from teacher K
	Claim the treehouse for DRIP (as god intended)
	Build an amazing fort so everyone will know DRIP is the actual best club at Happy Faces, ever 
	Stage your Epic Space Battle 
	Play some hid and seek - you need at least two other kids to play with you.
	Pull as many pranks as possible without getting a call home to your parents - win the prank war with bully so he doesn't take your comic
	Train your fellow DRIP members in the way of prankdom, and awesomeness, and battle
	Make sure csviguy is your best friend. The two of you will be unstaoppable.
Ccknight
	Protect kids from bully, stand up to him, and get items back
	Get squirrel's fairy princess sticker back to her
	Help the weak and fix everyone's problems
	Organize a big game of duck-duck-goose 
	Advance club awesome's goals
	Get something good for the cookies and candy you have 
	Challenge villains to duels - win as many duels as you can 
	Make friends with first graders 
	Teach kindergarteners more friendship abilities so they can make more friends 
	Make pretty pictures for your teacher and mom and big brother 
	Decide what story you should vote for at the end of the day 
	Convince kids that Santa is real 
Leader 
	Become leader of club awesome (preferred) or start own club 
	Add a cool kindergartener that will help you with club awesome 
	Find out who leaked the club awesome secret and make sure it doesn't spread any further
	Get a total of 7 gold stars (you start with for)
	Find someone to convince you that Santa is real 
	Protect your younger sibling, liar, without letting liar embarass you 
	Stay out of trouble 
	Play jacks with someone 
Liar
	Perpetuate a fake big foot sighting
	Create Liar's cool kids club (preferred) or join a secret group 
	Make two best friends
	Make three friends 
	Play a duck-duck-goose game
	Make sure no one finds out about you wetting the bed 
Popular
	End the week with 4 people as your best friends 
	Remain leader's best friend 
	Keep the tree house as club awesome's club house 
	Figure out how people found out about the hole in the fence 
	Get carrots for snack
	Try to get your favorite story read 
	Figure out why leader and sciguy kissed 
	Try to learn people's secrets and spread them 
	Make sure your story gets picked for story time 
	Organize the best game of desert island ever 
Protogoth
	Be a good girl and complete your sticker chart so you can get your doll back 
	Host a civilized teddy bear picnic without incident
	Find a way to get kicked out of Happy Faces forever so you never have to come back - maybe start a fire?
Sciguy
	Win over squirrel 
	Find the cure to cooties 
	Try to mend your relationship with calvin 
	Make sure that squirrel doesn't find out about your supposed past with leader 
	Play superheroes vs mad scientists
	Get a Magic Schoolbus book chosen for storytime
	Improve your rock collection
	Find your missing magnifying glass
Squirrel
	Finally get to play the game you want to play 
	Protect your friends from bullies and fight unfairness
	Get the other kids to let Justin play with you so you can keep bringing him to school
	Learn to climb trees and maybe see some real squirrels up close
	Find out about that weird note that you have 
	Help DRIP build an awesome blanket fort 
	Learn to harness the power of the magic stone 
	Help the fairies prepare for the winter 
	If you can somehow, get back your pretty fairy princess sticker 
	Ge tthe teacher to read the fairy story at the end of the afternoon 
	Figure out how to get into the forest to meet the squirrels there 
Woobie
	Learn to be cool 
	Learn to separate from your blanket 
	Find someone to play jacks with 
	Help DRIP build an awesome fort where you can be safe 
	Make so many friends that nobody will bully you anymore 